together remember we went
trick-or-treating we got all that candy
well last night when you were sleeping
me and daddy we ate all of your candy we
did me and daddy ate all your candy when
you were sleeping is that okay well it
was just so good and we were really
hungry so we ate all of your candy we
didn't throw up no we just ate it all
well it didn't make us throw up yes and
me and daddy ate it all and now there's
none left for you nope it's all gone we
ate it well it's a mommy and daddy's
tummy it's in our tummy I'm sorry create
it oh no my geeky or by McCann we ate it
all last night it's vitac ow I know when
we got it out by the caption we ate it i
Swan I like it it make you flow up like
a zombies so you really eat pig food
well I'm sorry honey we'll have to get
more candy next year okay oh okay i'm
sorry i was i was just really really
hungry and I was sitting right there so
I ate it all but I did okay no you can't
oh honey I already did it's down in my
tummy I ate it it's not their candy I
ate it honey fight it count okay you go
check okay but it's not there cuz i ate
it Oh see I ate it all me and daddy ate
it all yep yep hey are you mad at me are
you mad cuz I when you mad cuz I ate all
your candy yeah you told you I like okay
honey you don't need to yell will get
you more next year you can't take a
picture will get you more next year okay
okay well I still love you I you know I
take a picture are you mad at me yeah so
I don't wanna do
cuz I get you I yo Mike yeah